Category:
Focus on the Humanity

Name:Adventure-Ship
Desc:Adventure-Ship is an NGO aimed at fostering the holistic development of local youth by taking them through the challenges of life at sea. Targeted participants are those with physical or mental disabilities, behavioral challenges, the underprivileged or those with chronic illnesses.
Contact:200 Shum Wan Road, Aberdeen, Hong Kong
Tel:2554 9722
Email:enquiry@adventureship.org.hk
Web:www.adventureship.org.hk

Name:Agency for Volunteer Service
Desc:Aims to develop, provide and organize service opportunities for people who would like to volunteer.
Contact:602, Duke of Windsor Social Service Bldg,15 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Tel:2527 3825
Email:avs@avs.org.hk (Head Office)
Web: www.avs.org.hk/main/eng/

Name:Bethune House
Desc:A Domestic Helper Support Group
Contact:St. John's Cathedral, 4-8 Garden Road, Central, Hong Kong
Tel:6378 7544, 9488 9044
Email:edwina.antonio@gmail.com
Web:None

Name:Children''s Medical Foundation
Desc:CMF aims to develop and implement sustainable solutions in health care for children in Asia, and in particular for children in underprivileged situations.
Contact:11th Floor, The Centrium, 60 Wyndham St., Central, Hong Kong
Tel:2877 4118
Email:info@cmf.org.hk
Web:http://www.cmf.org.hk/

Name:Child Welfare Scheme (CWS)
Desc:Working to improve the lives of disadvantaged children and young adults through sustainable projects focusing on education, healthcare and protection, with a strong focus on assisting youth in Nepal.
Contact:Suite 304, St. George's Building, 2 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong
Tel:2526 8810
Email:info@cwshk.org
Web:www.cwshk.org

Name:Chi Heng Foundation
Desc:Chi Heng Foundation is a Hong Kong based NGO that offers help to children in villages in China who has at least one parent living with or has died of HIV/AIDS.
Contact:Room 1201-1203 12th floor, Wai Wah Commercial Centre, 6 Wilmer Street, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong
Tel:2517 0564
Email:info@chihengfoundation.com
Web:www.chfaidsorphans.com/index.php

Name:Crossroads
Desc:Crossroads Global Distribution is a non-profit corporation that takes Hong Kong’s quality superseded goods and redistributes them to people in need, locally and internationally.  Volunteers are wanted to assist in this process.
Contact:Crossroads Village, 2 Castle Peak Road, Tuen Mun, Hong Kong
Tel:2984 9309
Email:enquiries@crossroads.org.hk, Volunteer enquiries: volunteer@crossroads.org.hk
Web:www.crossroads.org.hk/

Name:Ebenezer School and home for the Visually Impaired
Desc:A group that assists people across the lifespan with visual impairments. The Ebenezer name now includes Ebenezer School, Ebenezer New Hope School, Early Intervention Programme, Ebenezer Child Care Centre and the Ebenezer Care and Attention Home (residential and holistic care for the senior visually impaired senior citizens).
Contact:131 Pokfulam Road, Pok Fu Lam, Hong Kong
Tel:2817 6076
Email:esgo@ebenezer.org.hk
Web:www.ebenezer.org.hk/ebenezer/Eng/index.aspx

Name:Feeding Hong Kong 
Desc:Feeding Hong Kong is the only food bank in Hong Kong dedicated to redistributing surplus food to people in need. By providing a bridge between the food industry and the hungry of Hong Kong, we provide a solution that simultaneously cuts food waste and feeds those most in need.
Contact:Unit 806, Block A1, Yau Tong Industrial City, 17-25 Ko Fai Road, Yau Tong, Hong Kong
Tel:2205 6568
Email:info@feedinghk.org
Web:http://feedinghk.org/

Name:Go2Serve Foundation
Desc:Go2Serve Foundation aims to improve living standards of the underprivileged in remote places of China, where resources are scarce and people''s needs are unheard of.
Contact:None
Tel:6402 5788
Email:go2servefoundation@ymail.com
Web:http://www.go2servefoundation.org/

Name:Habitat for Humanity
Desc:Habitat for Humanity International builds, rehabilitates and repairs simple, decent houses with the help of homeowner (known as “partner”) families, volunteer labor, and donations of money and materials.
Contact:181 Des Voeux Road Central, 17th Floor, Sun House, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong
Tel:2520 4000
Email:enquiry@habitatchina.org
Web:www.habitat.org/intl/ap/158.aspx

Name:Heep Hong Society
Desc:Providing professional training and education to children of different abilities and their families, with the mission of helping these children develop their potential and lead a fulfilling life.
Contact:G1, Tung Yu House, Tai Hang Tung Estate, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Tel:2776 3111
Email:info@heephong.org
Web:www.heephong.org/webprod/eng

Name:Home Of Loving Faithfulness
Desc:Provides life-long care for mentally and/or physically disabled children and adults.
Contact:7 Castle Peak Road, Kwu Tung, New Territories, Hong Kong
Tel:2670 0676
Email:info@holf.org.hk
Web:www.holf.org.hk/index.html

Name:Hong Chi Association 
Desc:Hong Chi Association operates 78 service units to provide services to people of all ages and all grades of intellectual disabilities.
Contact:Pinehill Village, Chung Nga Road, Nam Hang, Tai Po, New Territories, Hong Kong
Tel:2689 1105
Email:hdoffice@hongchi.org.hk
Web:www.hongchi.org.hk/en_main.html

Name:Hong Kong Student Aid Society 
Desc:Providing a complete spectrum of residential childcare services for needy children and their families.
Contact:485 Kwun Tong Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Tel:2341 6249
Email:info@hksas.org.hk
Web:www.hksas.org.hk/en_index.php

Name:Hong Kong Society for the Deaf
Desc:None
Contact:903, Duke of Windsor Social Service Building, 15 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Tel:2527 8969
Email:None
Web:www.deaf.org.hk/

Name:Hong Kong Federation of Handicapped Youth
Desc:None
Contact:No. 16-21, G/F, Wang Kei House, Wang Tau Hom Estate, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Tel:2338 5111
Email:hkfhy@hkfhy.org.hk
Web:www.hkfhy.org.hk/

Name:Hong Kong Red Cross
Desc:Work to promote others to respect and protect human life and dignity and offer impartial and voluntary aid to help improve the lives of vulnerable people.
Contact:None
Tel:2802 0021
Email:info@redcross.org.hk
Web:http://www.redcross.org.hk/

Name:International Care Ministries 
Desc:A Hong Kong based organization that is striving to release the poorest of the poor in the Philippines from spiritual, emotional and physical bondage.
Contact:22A Lockhart Centre, 301-307 Lockhart Road, Wanchai
Tel:3470 3009
Email:merryl.tan@caremin.com
Web:www.caremin.com

Name:Jockey Club Sarah Roe
Desc:Provides a quality, inclusive education for pupils with severe learning difficulties and complex needs.  Volunteers work to assist in enhancing the care and facilities provided to children at JCSRS.
Contact:2B Tin Kwong Road, Ho Man Tin, Hong Kong
Tel:2761 9893
Email:None
Web:www.jcsrs.edu.hk/

Name:Joshua Hellmann Foundation for Orphan Disease
Desc:The mission of Joshua Hellmann Foundation for Orphan Disease is to advance the awareness, diagnosis, treatment and research of orphan diseases, and improve the welfare of children with orphan diseases in Hong Kong.
Contact:8/F, Two Exchange Square, 8 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong
Tel:2297 2484
Email:jhforphandisease@gmail.com / info@jhforphandisease.org
Web:http://www.jhforphandisease.org/en/home

Name:Kids 4 Kids
Desc:Kids4Kids is a non-profit organization whose mission is to help children take responsibility to care for others and for the world we live in. They do this by empowering kids with opportunities to learn about giving back – from the products created by kids to activities organized by kids to reach out to help not only the local community, but around the world, for a better future.
Contact:None
Tel:3618 6810
Email:info@kids4kids.org.hk
Web:www.kids4kids.org.hk/en.html

Name:Mother’s Choice
Desc:Mother''s Choice provides and promotes loving, nurturing care for babies and children needing permanent homes, and for single girls and their families facing crisis pregnancies.
Contact:42B Kennedy Road, Mid-Levels, Hong Kong
Tel:2537 7633
Email:admin@motherschoice.org
Web:www.motherschoice.com

Name:MSF
Desc:Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF) is an international medical humanitarian aid organisation whose core work is in providing emergency medical aid to people affected by armed conflict. MSF also offers medical care to marginalised people who find themselves excluded from healthcare, and to communities whose health systems may be overwhelmed due to epidemics or natural disasters.
Contact:22/F, Pacific Plaza, 410 - 418 Des Voeux Road West, Sai Wan, Hong Kong
Tel:2959 4229
Email:office@msf.org.hk
Web:www.msf.org.hk/index.php?lang=en

Name:Nesbitt Centre
Desc:Provides an English- speaking educational programme for adults with learning disabilities
Contact:2 High Street, Sai Ying Pun, Hong Kong
Tel:2813 4550
Email:info@nesbittcentre.org.hk
Web:www.hkvc.org.hk

Name:ORBIS
Desc:ORBIS is an international, nonprofit global development organization dedicated to saving sight worldwide.  The HK branch focuses on supporting the disadvantaged in the region that face eye problems.
Contact:Room 12, 1/F, Victoria Centre, 15 Watson Road, North Point, Hong Kong
Tel:2877 9373
Email:info@hk.orbis.org
Web:www.orbis.org.hk

Name:Plan International 
Desc:Plan International is one of the world’s leading development organisations, specifically focused on children. Their mission is to create real, positive and lasting improvement in the quality of life of disadvantaged children in developing countries.
Contact:Unit 1104, 11/F Cameron Commercial Building, 458 Hennessy Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
Tel:3405 5300
Email:info-hk@plan.org.hk
Web:http://www.plan.org.hk/eng/

Name:Po Leung Luk
Desc:An organsation with a range of activities serving disadvantaged members in Hong Kong, ranging from care of families living in poverty, child care services, counseling and rehabilitation.
Contact:66 Leighton Road, Hong Kong
Tel:2277 8888
Email:plkinfo@poleungkuk.org.hk
Web:www.poleungkuk.org.hk/en/

Name:Sheng Kung Hui St. Christopher's Home
Desc:The largest non-governmental organization in Hong Kong providing small group home service for children who cannot receive adequate family care. Services include residential child care, pre-primary education, Children Health Development Services, Service for New Arrivals and Low-income Families and Clinical Psychological Service.
Contact:15/F, The Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups Building, 21 Pak Fuk Road, North Point, Hong Kong
Tel:2520 1056
Email:sgh_admin@skhsch.org.hk
Web:www.skhsch.org.hk/lang_en

Name:St. Barnabas Society and Home 
Desc:Caring for street sleepers, the poor, and the homeless in the Western and Kennedy Town districts on Hong Kong Island.
Contact:21 Fung Mat Road, Sai Wan, Hong Kong
Tel:2548 9056
Email:enquiries@sbsh.org.hk
Web:http://sbsh.org.hk/english/indexe.html

Name:Riding for the Disabled Association
Desc:Riding for the Disabled Association is a non-profit-making organization, which aims to teach disabled children and some adults to ride a horse to the best of their ability.
Contact:None
Tel:2454 9961 (Tuen Mun), 2875 7711 (Pokfulam)
Email:info@rda.org.hk
Web:www.rda.org.hk/default.asp

Name:Rehabilitation Alliance Hong Kong
Desc:An NGO working towards allowing people with all types of disabilities to have "Full Participation and Equal Opportunity' in social affairs.
Contact:None
Tel: 2337 0826
Email:info@rahk.org.hk
Web:http://www.rahk.org.hk
 
Name:Vision First
Desc:Promotes the welfare of asylum-seekers and refugees in Hong Kong by advocating and providing shelter and access to medical, counseling and educational services.
Contact:5/f, First St, 102,  Sai Wan, Hong Kong 
Tel:2840 0430
Email:info@visionfirstnow.org
Web:http://visionfirstnow.org/

Name:World Vision
Desc:World Vision is an international Christian relief and development organization dedicated to partnering with communities worldwide to tackle the causes of poverty and injustice
Contact:None
Tel:2394 2394
Email:hotline@worldvision.org.hk
Web:http://www.worldvision.org.hk/en/

Category:
Focus on the Environment

Name:The Conservancy Association
Desc:A non-government environmental organisation dedicated to the protection of the environment and the conservation of natural and cultural heritage.
Contact:9/F, Breakthrough Centre , 191-197, Woosung Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
Tel:2728 6781
Email:cahk@cahk.org.hk
Web:www.conservancy.org.hk/index_E.html

Name:Clear the Air 
Desc:Clear the Air is committed to the introduction and implementation of measures to significantly reduce air pollution in Hong Kong.
Contact:None
Tel:2579 9398
Email:chair@cleartheair.org.hk
Web:www.cleartheair.org.hk/index.php

Name:Environmental Campaign Committee 
Desc:Environmental Campaign Committee (ECC) aims to promote public awareness of environmental issues and encourage the public to contribute actively towards a better environment.
Contact:5/F Southorn Centre, 130 Hennessy Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong
Tel:2519 9173
Email:ecc@epd.gov.hk
Web:http://www.ecc.org.hk/eindex.php

Name:Clean Air Network 
Desc:Clean Air Network is an independent NGO which aims to encourage the public to speak out about the health impacts of air pollution.
Contact:Rm A, 2nd Floor, The Standard Chartered Bank Building, 102-106 Queen's Road West, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong
Tel:39710106
Email:info@hongkongcan.org
Web:www.hongkongcan.org/eng/

Name:EarthCare
Desc:Earthcare is a China-Hong Kong based NGO dedicated to saving the earth, environmental protection, conservation, protection of wildlife, green living, sustainable development, green business, corporate social responsibility (CSR), environmental justice, love and compassion for all life, animal welfare and establishing and protecting the rights of all animals and related public/social policy issues.
Contact:None
Tel:25780434 / 28514555
Email:care@earth.org.hk
Web:http://www.earth.org.hk/en/index.html

Name:Friends of the Earth (HK) 
Desc:Friends of the Earth (HK) is a charitable organization that aims to become a leading environmental advocate for a sustainable future
Contact:Unit 1301-1302, 13/F, Block A, Sea View Estate, No.2 Watson Road, Hong Kong
Tel:2528 5588
Email:foehk@foe.org.hk 
Web:www.foe.org.hk/

Name:Green Council
Desc:A non-profit environmental organization in Hong Kong established to promote public environmental awareness and management.
Contact:Rm 710, New World Tower 1, 18 Queen's Road, Central, Hong Kong.
Tel:2810 1122
Email:info@greencouncil.org
Web:http://www.greencouncil.org/eng/index.asp

Name:Green Lantau Association
Desc:The Green Lantau Association (GLA) aims is to protect, and educate people about the natural environment of Lantau Island.  The group monitor development plans and projects and lobby for better legal protection of the environment
Contact:Tai O, Lantau Island, Hong Kong
Tel:None
Email:greenlantau@yahoo.com
Web:http://www.greenlantau.com/

Name:Greenpeace
Desc:Greenpeace is an independent, nonprofit, global campaigning organization that uses non-violent, creative confrontation to expose global environmental problems and their causes.
Contact:8/F, Pacific Plaza, 410-418 Des Voeux Road West, Hong Kong
Tel:2854 8300
Email:enquiry.hk@greenpeace.org
Web:http://www.greenpeace.org/eastasia/
 
Name:Greenpower
Desc:A group concerned about local environmental problems with a strong emphsis on developing and providing environmental education.  There focus is on local ecological conservation and global environmental issues – ranging from those affectingspecies, to entire habitats, and the world's environment.
Contact:Rm. 2314, 23/F, Park-In Commercial Centre, 56 Dundas Street, Mongkok, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Tel:3961 0200
Email:info@greenpower.org.hk
Web:http://www.greenpower.org.hk/html/eng/index.shtml

Name:Hong Kong Dolphinwatch
Desc:Hong Kong Dolphinwatch aims to raise awareness of the plight of the pink dolphins and to generate revenue for research and campaigns for this animal.
Contact:None
Tel:2984 1414
Email:info@hkdolphinwatch.com
Web:http://www.hkdolphinwatch.com/index.php

Name:Hong Kong Shark Foundation
Desc:A group working towards eliminating the trade of shark fins in Hong Kong and the region.
Contact:Suite 2406,9 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong
Tel:2810 6765
Email:info@hksharkfoundation.org
Web:None

Name:Masarang HK Society 
Desc:Masarang HK was established to support the work of the Masarang Foundation in Indonesia, with their mission being to protect nature’s flora and fauna by empowering local people through the introduction of sustainable, locally adapted and culturally acceptable, solutions.
Contact:None
Tel:None
Email:masarang.hk@gmail.com
Web:http://masarang.hk/

Name:PALS
Desc:Protection of Animals Lantau South, a group working towards rescuing and  finding homes for unwanted and abandoned animals on Lantau Island.⁄
Contact:Mui Wo, Lantau Island, Hong Kong
Tel:2984 1626, 9197 4371
Email:None
Web:http://www.pals.org.hk/

Name:Redress
Desc:Redress’ mission is to promote environmental sustainability in Asia’s fashion industry by reducing textile waste, pollution, water and energy consumption. It envisions a fashion industry where sustainable fashion is not a niche, but a norm.
Contact:Suite 2406,9 Queen's Road, Central, Hong Kong
Tel:2861 0360
Email:info@redress.com.hk
Web:http://redress.com.hk/

Name:Roots & Shoots (Jane Goodall Institute) 
Desc:Be involved in tackling issues in the areas of Animals, Environment and the Human Community.
Contact:1805 Wheelock House, 20 Pedder Street, Central, Hong Kong
Tel:2293 2216
Email:General Information  - info@janegoodall.org.hk / Roots & Shoots  - kate@janegoodall.org.hk
Web:http://www.janegoodall.org.hk/ , http://www.rootsandshoots.org.hk/

Name:SPCA
Desc:The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty aims to promote kindness and to prevent or suppress cruelty to animals, and through education, to inspire in the community a deep respect for life so that all living creatures may live together in harmony.'
Contact:None
Tel:2802 0501
Email:None
Web:http://www.spca.org.hk/eng/home.asp